[Docs site] Updating api links (#6707)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/api-terraform/access-with-terraform.md

    }
    ```

> These are the basics to get up and running with Access and Terraform. See our [API documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/access-organizations-properties) for other endpoints that can be managed via Terraform.

Author: ```suggestion
These are the basics to get up and running with Access and Terraform. Refer to our [API documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) for other endpoints that can be managed via Terraform.
```
